File:    README
Author:  Paige Meyer
Assignment: 5
Date:	 2/27/2015


BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog5'.

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog5' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will take integers the user inputs on the keyboard, up to 10 
   integers long. It will keep asking for user input until the user enters '0'.
   It will then output:
         1. The integers separated in ascending order
         2. The integers separated by spaces in descending order
         3. Average value
         4. Median value
         5. Number of integers that is equivalent or less than or greater than the average
         6. Same as previous using a different algorithm
         7. Information for:  even integers equal or less than the average, even integers greater
                 than the average, odd integer equal to or less than the average, and even integers
                 greater than the average
         8. Separate and display two arrays, one for evens and another for the odds and then display those arrays.


PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the keyboard. The program will read until the
   sentinel value, 0, is entered. Input can be entered all on one line
   or on separate lines, or a combination of the two.
   One example is below:
      12
      -7 20
      4 5 0
   
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to the screen. From the example input above,
   the output is:
   Finished entering, you entered 0.
      1. Integer List in ascending order: 4 5 12 20 
      2. Integer List in descending order: 20 12 5 4 
      3. Average Value: 10.25
      4. Median Value: 8.5
      5. Number of values less than or equal to the average: 2
	 Number of values greater than the average: 2
      6. Number of values less than or equal to the average: 2
         Number of values greater than the average: 2
      7. Information about even and odd integers: 
         Number of even values less than or equal to the average: 1
         Number of even values greater than the average: 2
         Number of odd values less than or equal to the average: 1
         Number of odd values greater than the average: 0
      8. Even array: 4 12 20 
         Odd array: 5 


PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the integers in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the integers and insert the integer in the correct place in the array
      which is sorted in ascending order.
      output the array
      sort the array
      output the array

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file                        function(s)        description
   --------------              -----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h                                    constant declarations
   
   prototypes.h                                   function prototypes
   
   main.cpp                    main               calls all other functions
   
   average_value.cpp           calculate          calculates the average value
   
   count_less_average.cpp      calculate          calculates the integers less than the average

   even_odd_counts.cpp         calculate          calculates even & odd integers less than/equal or greater than the average

   index_count_less_average.cpp calculate         returns index of number less than the average

   input_integers_to_array.cpp insert             ask for input and inserts integers to array

   median_value.cpp            calculate          calculates median value of array
   
   print_array_ascending.cpp   output             prints the integers in ascending order separated by spaces

   print_array_desceding.cpp   output             prints the integers in descending order separated by spaces
   
   separate_even_odd_arrays.cpp output            separates even and odd integers to different arrays

   program_description.cpp     output	           prints the description of the program
   
   makefile                                       builds executable

   README                                         this file, used for desciptions


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

      Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
      Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
      Checked for input of 1 value and the sentinel
   
      Checked for negative values and positive values