File:    	README
Author:  	Paige Meyer
Assignment: 	6
Date:	 	3/5/2015


BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog6'.

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog6' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will take integers the from the file called input, up to 20 
   integers long.
   It will then write to file:
         1. The average value of those integers
         2. The median value of those integers
         3. The mode of those twenty integers
         4. The array sorted in ascending order separated by spaces

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the the file calle input. The program will read until
   twenty integers are entered. Input can be entered all on one line
   or on separate lines, or a combination of the two.
   One example is below:
      54 65 10 32
      54
      54
      21 21
      21
      
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to a file called output. From the example input above,
   the output is:
      average: 36.9
      median: 32.0
      mode: 54
      10 21 21 21 32 54 54 54 65 

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the integers in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the integers and insert the integer into the array
      sort the array in ascending order
      calculate and output the average value
      calculate and output the median value
      calculate and output the mode
      output the array separated by spaces
    

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file                 function(s)        description
   --------------       -----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h                             constant declarations
   
   prototypes.h                            function prototypes
   
   main.cpp             main               calls all other functions
   
   average.cpp          calculate          calculates the average value
   
   median.cpp           calculate          calculates the median

   mode.cpp             calculate          calculates the mode

   read.cpp             read	            reads a file and inserts values into array

   sort.cpp             sort array         sorts the array

   file_print.cpp       output             outputs array separated by spaces to file
   
   makefile                                builds executable

   README                                  this file, used for desciptions


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

      Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
      Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size